Hi, guys, welcome back.
In this video, we're going to be finding
which locators we need for our new page.
First of all, let's load up quotes dot toscrape dot com
slash search dot aspx and go over
and right click on the first dropdown.
This first dropdown is one we're gonna need
in order to be able to interact with it.
Notice that we don't care for the label.
We just care about the select.
And here we've got a select and the ID is author.
So just keep note of that and put it in your project
or just wait for a second and I'll do that as well.
The tag select is another select with ID of tag.
Once you've got IDs on your page,
that's what you should be using to find elements
because the ID is supposed to be unique
so as long as the page was designed correctly,
IDs should be unique.
So there you have the select ID author and select ID tag.
And finally, you have the button which is an input,
type submit, and the name is submit underscore button.
We can use the name in as used as selector
so we are going to do input with name submit button
and that's what we're going to be using to search.
Now we also need to keep track of what the quote is
so we that we can retrieve it after.
And we've got a div class quote and then inside it,
we've got a span with class of content,
that's the content of the quote,
a span with class of author, that's the author of the quote,
and a span with class of tag,
which that's the tag that we searched for.
That's not really necessary since we already know
what we're going to search for when we selected
from the dropdown so really we're just going
to grab the content and author.
Let's go back to PyCharm and note these down.
Back in PyCham, I'm gonna open the quote locators
and the quotes page locators and we're going
to add a couple of things here.
The author dropdown is going to be a select
with tag of author, the tag dropdown is going to be
a select with ID of tag, and the search button
is going to be an input which I'm actually going
to use single quote and input
with name equal submit underscore button.
This is how you can search by attributes in CSS by the way,
with these square brackets and inside you can see
the attribute name and then equal and the attribute value
so if you wanted to search by value for example,
it would be value equal whatever.
But if you were searching by name,
so it is name equal whatever.
Then in the quote locators, we're going to go here
and we're just going to make a couple of small changes
because the content locator is now span dot content,
the author locator is span dot author,
and the tag locator is span dot tag.
Okay, we're not going to use this one so, yeah,
we'll just put it there anyway just in case
but for now, this is all we need in order
to access our new elements in the new page.
Another thing that you may wanna do is of course
go to app dot py and change this to slash search dot aspx.
If you run this now, you'll see
that nothing very interesting happens.
You load the page and then nothing gets printed out
because our locators are now for this new page
but our code here, like getting the quotes and stuff
is for the old page.
But you can see that there are no quotes
in this page to be shown so nothing happens.
We're gonna have to change it so that we actually interact
with a new page here instead of just treating it
like the old page.
Let's do that in the next video.
I'll see you there.